README.md, before:

# Warrior Dojo
 
1. ## Purpose of the Project
 
* The Warrior Dojo is a website for people who are interested in learning martial arts such as jujitsu, aikido, karate.
* This website also explains the benefits of learning martial arts to the user.
* On this website users will see students' experiences.
* Users will find schedules for the classes and the
* Users will find the contact info of the dojo (phone, email, address).
* Users will find the social media of the institution.
 
![Responsive](/assets/images/responsive.JPG)
 
2. ## User Stories
 
* As a user I will click benefits read all content, after doing that I will read the experiences, then I will check the contact info and social media. After considering all this information I will click on sign up put my name, last name, and email and press the bottom to join the classes.
 
3. ## Features
 
* **Navigation**
 
![Navigation](/assets/images/navegation.JPG)
 
* Featured at the top left of the website, it shows the name of the club "Warrior Dojo".
* On the top right of the navigation, you can access the different sections on the same page, these sections are Schedule, Benefits, Experiences, Sign Up, Contact Us.
* The navigation font color (black)  contrasts with the background color (gold), making it easy to read.
* When the website is open from a phone the user will only see the name of the club "Warrior Dojo", and to the right of is a door icon, this icon when clicked it will display the different section of the website for the user to access.
* The navigation section fulfills its purpose.
 
 
* **Schedules section**
 
![Schedules](/assets/images/schedule.JPG)
 
* The schedules section has a clock icon, it gives the user information about the different opening hours of the dojo and shows the multiple martial arts they can learn (jujitsu, karate, aikido).
* The Schedule section font color (white) contrasts with the background color (black)  making it easy to read.
* The Schedules area fulfills its purpose.
 
* **Benefits section**
 
![Benefits](/assets/images/benefits.JPG)
 
* The Benefits section has a heart icon, it shows the user the benefits of learning martial arts, giving the user reasons to practice martial arts.
* The Benefits section font color (white) contrasts with the background color (black) making it easy to read.
* The Benefits area fulfills its purpose.
 
* **Experiences section**
 
![Experiences](/assets/images/experiences.JPG)
 
* The Experiences section has a person icon, it shows the user experiences of students that are already attending classes at Warrior Dojo, this will give the user further reasons to join Warrior Dojo martial arts club.
* The Experiences section font color (white) contrasts with the background color (black) making it easy to read.
* The Experiences area fulfills its purpose.
 
* **Sing Up Section**
 
![SignUP](/assets/images/sign-up.JPG)
 
* This section has an id person card icon.
* The sign-up section has a form to collect details from people that want to sign up to the Warrior Dojo martial arts club.
* This form collects the following info: name, last name, email address.
* The color font of the bottom "Join us!" is black, and its background is white, when the user hovers the mouse on the bottom background color change to gold, and the font is black.
* This area has a background image of a man dressed in his Gi (martial art uniform) doing a praying meditation pose, the image is mainly black and contrasts well with the grey background color of the form.
* Inside the sign-up section, the form font color (black) contrasts with the background color (grey) making it easy to read.
* The Sign-up area fulfills its purpose.
 
* **Google map section**
 
![map](/assets/images/map.JPG)
 
* This section is a google map. The user can interact with it to check the physical location of the Warrior Dojo martial arts club (note that the club is not real but I wrote in the "Contact us" section it was next to "Peoples Park" as a reference, in limerick, Ireland).
 
* **Contact Us section**
 
![contactUs](/assets/images/footer.JPG)
 
* This section is located on the footer of the website.
* On the left side user will find the contact us section with information (location, phone, email), each of these has its respective icon.
* On the right side user will find different icons for social media, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube.
* When the user clicks one of these social media icons it will open in a new tab.
 
4. ## Future Features
 
* In the future, I could implement a video section.
* It would act as a library showing the different classes at Warrior Dojo club.
 
5. ## Typography and color scheme
 
* For this website I selected the Merriweather for the h1 y Mukta font style for the body, in case these fonts fail there is a sans-serif style also added.
* For the color scheme:
    - Both navigation and footer have a background color of gold, and the fonts are in black.
    - The aside section on the left has a background color of black, and the fonts are in white.
    - The main section background color is black, the sign-up form background color is grey and the font color is black.
* Both colors and styles on this website are easy to read and fit the idea of the website.
 
6. ## Wireframes
 
* To do a wireframe for this website I use the program Balsamic.
 
7. ## Technologies
 
* GitHub
* GitPod
* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript
 
 
8. ## Testing
 
* I tested this website and confirm that it works on different browsers such as Chrome, Firefox, Microsoft Edge.
* I confirm that this project is responsive, looks good, and functions on all standard screen sizes using the dev tool device toolbar.
* I confirm that all sections of this website are easy to read and understand.
* I confirm that the form works and displays a message when pressing the submit bottom and entering all requested information  (name, last name, and email.)
* I need to clarify that I do not own a domain. For that reason I created a GET form, when the user puts all the information and submits it, then it will open a new tab with a thank you message.
 
9. ## Bugs
 
**Solved bugs**
-When submitting the form I realize the website had no style.
-I discover that I was referencing the wrong CSS file.
-I applied the change on the path route and solve the issue.
 
Code before the change:
`<link rel="stylesheet" href="assets/css/style.css">`
 
Code after the change:
`<link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/style-thank-you.css">"`
 
10. ## Validator Testing
 
-HTML
    -No errors were found when passing through the official W3C HTML validator.
 
-CSS
    -No errors were found when passing through the official  W3C CSS validator.
 
-Accessibility
    -I confirm that the colors and fonts chosen are easy to read and accessible by running it through lighthouse in dev tools
 
 
![Accessibility](/assets/images/accessibility.JPG)
 
11. ## Unfixed Bugs
 
-No unfixed bugs
 
12. ## Deployment
 
* The website is hosted by GitHub.
* The steps are taken to display the website where the following:
    - In the GitHub repository, navigate to the settings tab.
    - From the setting tab scroll down to the GitHub pages area and click.
    - Next, we need to select the main branch and press save.
    - This will generate a link to the website.
 
* This website was coded with GitPod, which is an open-source development platform for remote development.
* The steps to use it are the following:
    - Open a browser, then typing  Git pod on google will lead  to the website link.
    - Open user account whit username and password.
    - Once you are in your user Git Pod account, hover with the mouse on the vertical dots that you wanna open.
    Click on it, then press open.
    - It opens a workplace, this workplace allows the user: to create files, code in different programming languages, use commands on the terminal to do many different things such as display a website with the code that we use and see how it looks.
 
**Deployed link to the site:** [Warrior Dojo](https://juanmanuelnaya.github.io/martial-arts-dojo/)
 
**Live link to the project from GitHub:** [Warrior Dojo](https://github.com/JuanManuelNaya/martial-arts-dojo)
 
13. ## Credits
 
The Code to make social media links was taken from [Love Running project.](https://learn.codeinstitute.net/)  
 
Font source: [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/search?q=sort&m=free)
 
Image sources:  [Pexels](www.pexels.com)
                [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)
                   
Information about martial arts source:  [Level3karate](https://www.level3karate.com/top-10-reasons-to-learn-martial-arts)

Commit message:

added read me error section content

README.md, after:

# Warrior Dojo
 
1. ## Purpose of the Project
 
* The Warrior Dojo is a website for people who are interested in learning martial arts such as jujitsu, aikido, karate.
* This website also explains the benefits of learning martial arts to the user.
* On this website users will see students' experiences.
* Users will find schedules for the classes and the
* Users will find the contact info of the dojo (phone, email, address).
* Users will find the social media of the institution.
 
![Responsive](/assets/images/responsive.JPG)
 
2. ## User Stories
 
* As a user I will click benefits read all content, after doing that I will read the experiences, then I will check the contact info and social media. After considering all this information I will click on sign up put my name, last name, and email and press the bottom to join the classes.
 
3. ## Features
 
* **Navigation**
 
![Navigation](/assets/images/navegation.JPG)
 
* Featured at the top left of the website, it shows the name of the club "Warrior Dojo".
* On the top right of the navigation, you can access the different sections on the same page, these sections are Schedule, Benefits, Experiences, Sign Up, Contact Us.
* The navigation font color (black)  contrasts with the background color (gold), making it easy to read.
* When the website is open from a phone the user will only see the name of the club "Warrior Dojo", and to the right of is a door icon, this icon when clicked it will display the different section of the website for the user to access.
* The navigation section fulfills its purpose.
 
 
* **Schedules section**
 
![Schedules](/assets/images/schedule.JPG)
 
* The schedules section has a clock icon, it gives the user information about the different opening hours of the dojo and shows the multiple martial arts they can learn (jujitsu, karate, aikido).
* The Schedule section font color (white) contrasts with the background color (black)  making it easy to read.
* The Schedules area fulfills its purpose.
 
* **Benefits section**
 
![Benefits](/assets/images/benefits.JPG)
 
* The Benefits section has a heart icon, it shows the user the benefits of learning martial arts, giving the user reasons to practice martial arts.
* The Benefits section font color (white) contrasts with the background color (black) making it easy to read.
* The Benefits area fulfills its purpose.
 
* **Experiences section**
 
![Experiences](/assets/images/experiences.JPG)
 
* The Experiences section has a person icon, it shows the user experiences of students that are already attending classes at Warrior Dojo, this will give the user further reasons to join Warrior Dojo martial arts club.
* The Experiences section font color (white) contrasts with the background color (black) making it easy to read.
* The Experiences area fulfills its purpose.
 
* **Sing Up Section**
 
![SignUP](/assets/images/sign-up.JPG)
 
* This section has an id person card icon.
* The sign-up section has a form to collect details from people that want to sign up to the Warrior Dojo martial arts club.
* This form collects the following info: name, last name, email address.
* The color font of the bottom "Join us!" is black, and its background is white, when the user hovers the mouse on the bottom background color change to gold, and the font is black.
* This area has a background image of a man dressed in his Gi (martial art uniform) doing a praying meditation pose, the image is mainly black and contrasts well with the grey background color of the form.
* Inside the sign-up section, the form font color (black) contrasts with the background color (grey) making it easy to read.
* The Sign-up area fulfills its purpose.
 
* **Google map section**
 
![map](/assets/images/map.JPG)
 
* This section is a google map. The user can interact with it to check the physical location of the Warrior Dojo martial arts club (note that the club is not real but I wrote in the "Contact us" section it was next to "Peoples Park" as a reference, in limerick, Ireland).
 
* **Contact Us section**
 
![contactUs](/assets/images/footer.JPG)
 
* This section is located on the footer of the website.
* On the left side user will find the contact us section with information (location, phone, email), each of these has its respective icon.
* On the right side user will find different icons for social media, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube.
* When the user clicks one of these social media icons it will open in a new tab.
 
4. ## Future Features
 
* In the future, I could implement a video section.
* It would act as a library showing the different classes at Warrior Dojo club.
 
5. ## Typography and color scheme
 
* For this website I selected the Merriweather for the h1 y Mukta font style for the body, in case these fonts fail there is a sans-serif style also added.
* For the color scheme:
    - Both navigation and footer have a background color of gold, and the fonts are in black.
    - The aside section on the left has a background color of black, and the fonts are in white.
    - The main section background color is black, the sign-up form background color is grey and the font color is black.
* Both colors and styles on this website are easy to read and fit the idea of the website.
 
6. ## Wireframes
 
* To do a wireframe for this website I use the program Balsamic.
 
7. ## Technologies
 
* GitHub
* GitPod
* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript
 
 
8. ## Testing
 
* I tested this website and confirm that it works on different browsers such as Chrome, Firefox, Microsoft Edge.
* I confirm that this project is responsive, looks good, and functions on all standard screen sizes using the dev tool device toolbar.
* I confirm that all sections of this website are easy to read and understand.
* I confirm that the form works and displays a message when pressing the submit bottom and entering all requested information  (name, last name, and email.)
* I need to clarify that I do not own a domain. For that reason I created a GET form, when the user puts all the information and submits it, then it will open a new tab with a thank you message.
 
9. ## Bugs
 
**Solved bugs**
-When submitting the form I realize the website had no style.
-I discover that I was referencing the wrong CSS file.
-I applied the change on the path route and solve the issue.
 
Code before the change:
`<link rel="stylesheet" href="assets/css/style.css">`
 
Code after the change:
`<link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/style-thank-you.css">"`
 
10. ## Validator Testing
 
-HTML
    -No errors were found when passing through the official W3C HTML validator.
 
-CSS
    -No errors were found when passing through the official  W3C CSS validator.
 
-Accessibility
    -I confirm that the colors and fonts chosen are easy to read and accessible by running it through lighthouse in dev tools
 
 
![Accessibility](/assets/images/accessibility.JPG)
 
11. ## Unfixed Bugs
 
-When accessing through the deployed link when I put all the info on my form and submit it, the it shows me an error.
![error](/assets/images/errorImage.JPG)

-If I put all the requested information on my from from GitPod deployed sever I dont have this error it shows the message "Thank you for contacting the Warrior dojo team!"

![Noerror](/assets/images/formFromGitPod.JPG)
 
12. ## Deployment
 
* The website is hosted by GitHub.
* The steps are taken to display the website where the following:
    - In the GitHub repository, navigate to the settings tab.
    - From the setting tab scroll down to the GitHub pages area and click.
    - Next, we need to select the main branch and press save.
    - This will generate a link to the website.
 
* This website was coded with GitPod, which is an open-source development platform for remote development.
* The steps to use it are the following:
    - Open a browser, then typing  Git pod on google will lead  to the website link.
    - Open user account whit username and password.
    - Once you are in your user Git Pod account, hover with the mouse on the vertical dots that you wanna open.
    Click on it, then press open.
    - It opens a workplace, this workplace allows the user: to create files, code in different programming languages, use commands on the terminal to do many different things such as display a website with the code that we use and see how it looks.
 
**Deployed link to the site:** [Warrior Dojo](https://juanmanuelnaya.github.io/martial-arts-dojo/)
 
**Live link to the project from GitHub:** [Warrior Dojo](https://github.com/JuanManuelNaya/martial-arts-dojo)
 
13. ## Credits
 
The Code to make social media links was taken from [Love Running project.](https://learn.codeinstitute.net/)  
 
Font source: [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/search?q=sort&m=free)
 
Image sources:  [Pexels](www.pexels.com)
                [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)
                   
Information about martial arts source:  [Level3karate](https://www.level3karate.com/top-10-reasons-to-learn-martial-arts)
